Add docstrings and docs pages for `RequiredDataValidator` and `DataValidator` (#470)
IAMconsortium/nomenclature: docs/user_guide/validation/required-data-validation.rst

.. _required-data-validation:

.. currentmodule:: nomenclature

Required data validation
========================

**Required data validation** checks if certain models, variables, regions and/or 

> periods of time are covered in the datapoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
periods of time are covered in the timeseries data.
```
